This is a placeholder for an older file which is still referenced from
the README files all over the place.

A transition to SGML-based documentation is under way. Refer to the
file rlbcheck.sgml in this directory.

If you have downloaded the CVS source tree, the installation
instructions in the SGML file will not suffice, though.

What follows is a brief stopgap-type installation manual, which
explains how to build a distribution from the CVS source tree. This
assumes you are vaguely familiar with Autoconf and related systems.

The distribution tarball doesn't require these tools to build, and
comes with a ready-made copy of the ./configure script. If you're not
curious and/or do not wish to work with the sources, just grab the
distribution tarball and install from that.

Here's what you need to build from the CVS sources:

 0. Disregard any mention of docs/INSTALL and ./configure in the
    "real" instructions for the time being.

 1. In the root directory, run ./bootstrap

    This will run various auto-configuration tools. If you don't have
    autoconf and automake, you will have insurmountable problems.
    Nevertheless, if you want to understand whats going on, here's a
    brief explanation.

    aclocal will create ./aclocal.m4 for autoconf, based on the contents
    of configure.in.

    autoheader will create config.in based on the contents of acconfig.h
    and configure.in.

    automake will generate Makefile.in from Makefile.am.

    autoconf, finally, will generate the ./configure shell script,
    based on the contents of configure.in and aclocal.m4.

    You can try your luck with the config/missing script if you don't
    have exactly the needed tools.

    Here's a crude schematic of the dependencies of these files:

                Makefile.am ------> Makefile.in ----------> Makefile
                           \         		/  ,> configure.cache
        aclocal ---> aclocal.m4 ---> configure -----> config.status
                           /    	        \  `> config.log
                configure.in			 \
        	            >-----> config.in ------------> config.h
                 acconfig.h ------> stamp-h.in -----------> stamp-h

    Also, some other files ending in .am or .in are source files for
    other generated files; .am is used by automake to generate the
    corresponding .in, file, and .in files are used by autoconf to
    generate the actual target files.

    See also the Autoconf and Automake Info documentation.

 2. In the root directory, edit sites.h.

    All services are disabled by default, so you will end up with a
    useless piece of binary unless you enable at least some of the
    services in this file.

 3. Now, you can proceed to follow the instructions in ./INSTALL

    To wit, run ./configure with the options you like, then make, then
    make install.

If you run into any trouble, please file a bug report. This software
is provided in this state in the hope that it will be useful, but we
think it would be more useful still if any problems are reported back
to the authors. Thanks for contributing!
